This is too expensive
The concubine will not soon thank His Majesty
What a phoenix!
Can be compared to a gold medal
Your Majesty said
Death to the Phoenix
Can be exempted from any punishment
Thank you, son
It's burdensome waste.
Also worthy of such a precious reward
Wanderer Phoenix
Maybe I can get Master Liu Si to put down the donkey
I have to learn another red dust song
Try girl
I have to find out who killed me for taking time off
The revenge for killing my father had to be avenged
Please also ask the son
Another little girl doesn't want to help you just
This crown was bestowed upon me by His Majesty today
I'll give it to you.
There are dead votes
comparable to a gold medal
You don't have to live up to anything
This is a gift from His Majesty
Too expensive wow